1	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	getplacedetails
1	What's the cheapest place between my favorite bar and Employees Only?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the cheapest place between my favorite bar and Employees Only?	getdirections
1	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	searchplace
1	Is Soho Grand better than Paramount?	bookrestaurant
0	Is Soho Grand better than Paramount?	compareplaces
1	What is the closest theatre between Belasco Theatre and Majestic Theatre?	bookrestaurant
0	What is the closest theatre between Belasco Theatre and Majestic Theatre?	searchplace
1	Is Vertigo Sky Lounge more expensive than the bar I usually go to in New York?	bookrestaurant
0	Is Vertigo Sky Lounge more expensive than the bar I usually go to in New York?	getplacedetails
1	Is my favorite bar better than the Donut Pub?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my favorite bar better than the Donut Pub?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	bookrestaurant
0	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	getdirections
1	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	requestride
1	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	bookrestaurant
0	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	getdirections
1	What's the cheapest between the two restaurants the closest to my hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the cheapest between the two restaurants the closest to my hotel?	getdirections
1	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my hotel in NYC for this week better than the hotel I stayed in when I was in Chicago?	shareeta
1	What is the closest theatre between Belasco Theatre and Majestic Theatre?	bookrestaurant
0	What is the closest theatre between Belasco Theatre and Majestic Theatre?	requestride
1	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is Vertigo Sky Lounge more expensive than the bar I usually go to in New York?	bookrestaurant
0	Is Vertigo Sky Lounge more expensive than the bar I usually go to in New York?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is Waldorf Astoria more luxurious than the Four Seasons?	bookrestaurant
0	Is Waldorf Astoria more luxurious than the Four Seasons?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is my favorite bar better than the Donut Pub?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my favorite bar better than the Donut Pub?	getplacedetails
1	I'd like to know whether Galli is more expensive than Rao's	bookrestaurant
0	I'd like to know whether Galli is more expensive than Rao's	compareplaces
1	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	Is my Airbnb closer than John's hotel?	getplacedetails
1	What's the best hotel between Soho Grand and Paramount Hotel?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the best hotel between Soho Grand and Paramount Hotel?	getweather
1	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the cheapest place between Galli and The Smile?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	bookrestaurant
0	Is The View more expensive than Masa?	compareplaces
1	What's the best between Le Bain and Marquee?	bookrestaurant
0	What's the best between Le Bain and Marquee?	searchplace
1	I need a taxi in 5 minutes at 36 5th avenue	requestride
0	I need a taxi in 5 minutes at 36 5th avenue	sharecurrentlocation
1	Get a cab at my place right now	requestride
0	Get a cab at my place right now	searchplace
1	Get an Uber to go to my dinner tonight	requestride
0	Get an Uber to go to my dinner tonight	getplacedetails
1	Book a cab	requestride
0	Book a cab	getplacedetails
1	Book an Uber to my next meeting	requestride
0	Book an Uber to my next meeting	sharecurrentlocation
1	I want a taxi right now	requestride
0	I want a taxi right now	searchplace
1	Book an Uber to home	requestride
0	Book an Uber to home	compareplaces
1	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	requestride
0	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	shareeta
1	Get an Uber to go to my dinner tonight	requestride
0	Get an Uber to go to my dinner tonight	gettrafficinformation
1	Order a cab for 6 people	requestride
0	Order a cab for 6 people	getplacedetails
1	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	requestride
0	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	shareeta
1	Find a taxi	requestride
0	Find a taxi	sharecurrentlocation
1	Book a Lyft car to go to 33 greene street	requestride
0	Book a Lyft car to go to 33 greene street	compareplaces
1	Order a taxi	requestride
0	Order a taxi	compareplaces
1	Book an Uber to my next meeting	requestride
0	Book an Uber to my next meeting	bookrestaurant
1	Book a cab	requestride
0	Book a cab	getplacedetails
1	Get a taxi to Emmit's Irish Pub	requestride
0	Get a taxi to Emmit's Irish Pub	getdirections
1	Book me a ride at my current location	requestride
0	Book me a ride at my current location	compareplaces
1	I need a taxi to catch my flight tomorrow morning	requestride
0	I need a taxi to catch my flight tomorrow morning	compareplaces
1	I need an Uber right now	requestride
0	I need an Uber right now	getplacedetails
1	I need an Uber right now	requestride
0	I need an Uber right now	compareplaces
1	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	requestride
0	I need a taxi for 6 to go to Audrey and Sam's wedding	sharecurrentlocation
1	Book a taxi to go to Sebastian's	requestride
0	Book a taxi to go to Sebastian's	compareplaces
1	I want a taxi right now	requestride
0	I want a taxi right now	getweather
1	Book an Uber to home	requestride
0	Book an Uber to home	sharecurrentlocation
1	Book a taxi to go to Sebastian's	requestride
0	Book a taxi to go to Sebastian's	compareplaces
1	Can I walk to my next meeting?	getplacedetails
0	Can I walk to my next meeting?	compareplaces
1	What's the weather like from New York to Boston?	getplacedetails
0	What's the weather like from New York to Boston?	compareplaces
1	How windy will it be tomorrow?	getplacedetails
0	How windy will it be tomorrow?	requestride
1	Is it raining right now?	getplacedetails
0	Is it raining right now?	shareeta
1	Show me the forecast for New Orleans	getplacedetails
0	Show me the forecast for New Orleans	shareeta
1	What will the weather be like at my Airbnb this week end?	getplacedetails
0	What will the weather be like at my Airbnb this week end?	compareplaces
1	Whats the weather like in Bordeaux?	getplacedetails
0	Whats the weather like in Bordeaux?	gettrafficinformation
1	What will the weather be like when I get out of my afternoon meeting?	getplacedetails
0	What will the weather be like when I get out of my afternoon meeting?	requestride
1	Should I take an umbrella to walk to my dinner?	getplacedetails
0	Should I take an umbrella to walk to my dinner?	searchplace
1	Is it going to be sunny next week?	getplacedetails
0	Is it going to be sunny next week?	searchplace
1	Can I take my bike to go to work today?	getplacedetails
0	Can I take my bike to go to work today?	bookrestaurant
1	Show me the forecast for my upcoming weekend	getplacedetails
0	Show me the forecast for my upcoming weekend	bookrestaurant
1	What's the weather like in Paris, New York and Chicago?	getplacedetails
0	What's the weather like in Paris, New York and Chicago?	compareplaces
1	What's the weather like at Jo's place right now?	getplacedetails
0	What's the weather like at Jo's place right now?	compareplaces
1	It is a beautiful day for a walk?	getplacedetails
0	It is a beautiful day for a walk?	searchplace
1	What will the weather be like from Home to Jo's place?	getplacedetails
0	What will the weather be like from Home to Jo's place?	compareplaces
1	What's it like outside?	getplacedetails
0	What's it like outside?	shareeta
1	Show me the weather forecast for my upcoming trip to Los Angeles	getplacedetails
0	Show me the weather forecast for my upcoming trip to Los Angeles	getdirections
1	Is the weather good for a walk today?	getplacedetails
0	Is the weather good for a walk today?	bookrestaurant
1	Will it rain in the next 30 minutes?	getplacedetails
0	Will it rain in the next 30 minutes?	requestride
1	Should I take a rain coat today?	getplacedetails
0	Should I take a rain coat today?	requestride
1	What is the temperature tomorrow morning?	getplacedetails
0	What is the temperature tomorrow morning?	compareplaces
1	Is it windy today?	getplacedetails
0	Is it windy today?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is it cold outside?	getplacedetails
0	Is it cold outside?	getweather
1	What's the weather forecast for the rest of the week?	getplacedetails
0	What's the weather forecast for the rest of the week?	getdirections
1	Is it cold outside? 	getplacedetails
0	Is it cold outside? 	gettrafficinformation
1	Find me a place that sells burritos in South Harlem	getdirections
0	Find me a place that sells burritos in South Harlem	searchplace
1	What are the fanciest clubs in New York?	getdirections
0	What are the fanciest clubs in New York?	gettrafficinformation
1	Show me veggie restaurants nearby	getdirections
0	Show me veggie restaurants nearby	gettrafficinformation
1	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	getdirections
0	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	requestride
1	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	getdirections
0	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	shareeta
1	Find me a coffee place similar to Starbucks that has gluten free food	getdirections
0	Find me a coffee place similar to Starbucks that has gluten free food	getplacedetails
1	Find me a coffee place similar to Starbucks that has gluten free food	getdirections
0	Find me a coffee place similar to Starbucks that has gluten free food	shareeta
1	Show me the cheapest cocktail bar near the hotel my sister stays in	getdirections
0	Show me the cheapest cocktail bar near the hotel my sister stays in	requestride
1	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	getdirections
0	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	requestride
1	Show me the closest restaurants with all you can eat buffets	getdirections
0	Show me the closest restaurants with all you can eat buffets	getplacedetails
1	Find me a romantic restaurant that serves good expensive wine near my girlfriend's work	getdirections
0	Find me a romantic restaurant that serves good expensive wine near my girlfriend's work	sharecurrentlocation
1	Find the best restaurants near my airbnb that serve brunch all day	getdirections
0	Find the best restaurants near my airbnb that serve brunch all day	getweather
1	What are the fanciest clubs in New York?	getdirections
0	What are the fanciest clubs in New York?	requestride
1	Find me a salad bar I can go to for my lunch meeting	getdirections
0	Find me a salad bar I can go to for my lunch meeting	gettrafficinformation
1	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	getdirections
0	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	gettrafficinformation
1	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	getdirections
0	Find the top 3 family attractions in Hollywood not far from Angie's place	requestride
1	Where can I eat the best burger in Soho?	getdirections
0	Where can I eat the best burger in Soho?	searchplace
1	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	getdirections
0	Find me the cheapest seafood restaurant near the Golden Bridge	searchplace
1	Find me a brunch spot in Lower Manhattan	getdirections
0	Find me a brunch spot in Lower Manhattan	gettrafficinformation
1	What's the best irish pub in hell's kitchen?	getdirections
0	What's the best irish pub in hell's kitchen?	bookrestaurant
1	Is there a place similar to Per Se in Williamsburg?	getdirections
0	Is there a place similar to Per Se in Williamsburg?	getplacedetails
1	I want to eat some fried chicken. Any suggestions?	getdirections
0	I want to eat some fried chicken. Any suggestions?	searchplace
1	Find the best restaurants near my airbnb that serve brunch all day	getdirections
0	Find the best restaurants near my airbnb that serve brunch all day	requestride
1	Find me a restaurant similar to the one I went to yesterday evening	getdirections
0	Find me a restaurant similar to the one I went to yesterday evening	shareeta
1	Find me a romantic restaurant that serves good expensive wine near my girlfriend's work	getdirections
0	Find me a romantic restaurant that serves good expensive wine near my girlfriend's work	getplacedetails
1	Find me a brunch spot in Lower Manhattan	getdirections
0	Find me a brunch spot in Lower Manhattan	sharecurrentlocation
1	What time does Employees Only close?	compareplaces
0	What time does Employees Only close?	getweather
1	Are there good tips to know when going to the Modern?	compareplaces
0	Are there good tips to know when going to the Modern?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Does Cafe Gitane have wifi?	compareplaces
0	Does Cafe Gitane have wifi?	getplacedetails
1	Give me the address of State Grill and bar	compareplaces
0	Give me the address of State Grill and bar	searchplace
1	What's the address of the place where I was yesterday night?	compareplaces
0	What's the address of the place where I was yesterday night?	searchplace
1	When is it the quietest at Good Luck bar?	compareplaces
0	When is it the quietest at Good Luck bar?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Are there activities for children at Hard Rock Cafe?	compareplaces
0	Are there activities for children at Hard Rock Cafe?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Is there a parking at my hotel?	compareplaces
0	Is there a parking at my hotel?	gettrafficinformation
1	How far is the NoMad Bar?	compareplaces
0	How far is the NoMad Bar?	gettrafficinformation
1	Show me the Butcher's Daughter's menu	compareplaces
0	Show me the Butcher's Daughter's menu	getdirections
1	What time does Pouring Ribbons open tonight?	compareplaces
0	What time does Pouring Ribbons open tonight?	requestride
1	Is the Swan Oyster Depot cash-only?	compareplaces
0	Is the Swan Oyster Depot cash-only?	getplacedetails
1	What's today's menu at The Water Club?	compareplaces
0	What's today's menu at The Water Club?	getweather
1	Show me the menu of the restaurant I booked for tonight	compareplaces
0	Show me the menu of the restaurant I booked for tonight	gettrafficinformation
1	What are the opening hours of Please Don't Tell?	compareplaces
0	What are the opening hours of Please Don't Tell?	gettrafficinformation
1	Show me photos of the bar I'm going to for Rand's birthday	compareplaces
0	Show me photos of the bar I'm going to for Rand's birthday	getdirections
1	Give me the address of the biggest Wallmart in Boston area	compareplaces
0	Give me the address of the biggest Wallmart in Boston area	getweather
1	Can I park at Gershwin Theatre?	compareplaces
0	Can I park at Gershwin Theatre?	requestride
1	What's happening this week at Smalls Jazz Club?	compareplaces
0	What's happening this week at Smalls Jazz Club?	searchplace
1	Does the Butcher's Daughter serve vegetarian food only?	compareplaces
0	Does the Butcher's Daughter serve vegetarian food only?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Does the View has reserved parking?	compareplaces
0	Does the View has reserved parking?	gettrafficinformation
1	Can I pay by credit card at Boom Boom Room?	compareplaces
0	Can I pay by credit card at Boom Boom Room?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Where can I get tickets for a concert at Blue Note?	compareplaces
0	Where can I get tickets for a concert at Blue Note?	requestride
1	What's the price range for a dinner at Galli?	compareplaces
0	What's the price range for a dinner at Galli?	bookrestaurant
1	How much is a dinner at La Chine?	compareplaces
0	How much is a dinner at La Chine?	sharecurrentlocation
1	How much does it cost to go to Disneyland?	compareplaces
0	How much does it cost to go to Disneyland?	shareeta
1	Send my location	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my location	searchplace
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	compareplaces
1	Send my location to my husband	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my location to my husband	shareeta
1	Always share my location with Lori	sharecurrentlocation
0	Always share my location with Lori	compareplaces
1	Send my location	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my location	bookrestaurant
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	getweather
1	Share my location with my office manager until noon	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with my office manager until noon	bookrestaurant
1	Share my current location with Jim	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my current location with Jim	getdirections
1	Share my location with Steve for 3 days	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Steve for 3 days	shareeta
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	gettrafficinformation
1	Send my current location to Anna	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my current location to Anna	compareplaces
1	Always share my location with Lori	sharecurrentlocation
0	Always share my location with Lori	getdirections
1	Send my location to my husband	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my location to my husband	bookrestaurant
1	Share my location with Robert for the next 10 min	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Robert for the next 10 min	compareplaces
1	Send my current location to my father	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my current location to my father	searchplace
1	Share my location to mum until I get to school	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location to mum until I get to school	shareeta
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	requestride
1	Send my current location to my father	sharecurrentlocation
0	Send my current location to my father	gettrafficinformation
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	shareeta
1	Share my current location with Jim	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my current location with Jim	getdirections
1	Share my location with Steve for 3 days	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Steve for 3 days	requestride
1	Share my location with Hillary's sister	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Hillary's sister	requestride
1	Share my location with Robert for the next 10 min	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with Robert for the next 10 min	getplacedetails
1	Share my location with my Uber driver	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my location with my Uber driver	requestride
1	Share my current location with Jim	sharecurrentlocation
0	Share my current location with Jim	requestride
1	Always share my location with Lori	sharecurrentlocation
0	Always share my location with Lori	shareeta
1	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	searchplace
0	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	gettrafficinformation
1	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	searchplace
0	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	getplacedetails
1	How's traffic to go to my hotel?	searchplace
0	How's traffic to go to my hotel?	compareplaces
1	Are there any accidents from home to work?	searchplace
0	Are there any accidents from home to work?	compareplaces
1	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	sharecurrentlocation
1	Are there any accidents from home to work?	searchplace
0	Are there any accidents from home to work?	shareeta
1	How's the traffic from here to Jo's place?	searchplace
0	How's the traffic from here to Jo's place?	getdirections
1	Is there traffic jam on 6th avenue?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic jam on 6th avenue?	shareeta
1	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	searchplace
0	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	requestride
1	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	searchplace
0	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	getweather
1	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	searchplace
0	Any traffic problems to go to my dinner?	shareeta
1	How's the road on the 11th avenue?	searchplace
0	How's the road on the 11th avenue?	gettrafficinformation
1	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	searchplace
0	Any accidents to expect to go to my cousin's place?	gettrafficinformation
1	How's the traffic from here to Jo's place?	searchplace
0	How's the traffic from here to Jo's place?	requestride
1	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	searchplace
0	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	getplacedetails
1	Should I expect any traffic to go meet my friends tonight?	searchplace
0	Should I expect any traffic to go meet my friends tonight?	sharecurrentlocation
1	I want to know if there is traffic to go to my upcoming meeting	searchplace
0	I want to know if there is traffic to go to my upcoming meeting	getdirections
1	Should I expect traffic from here to Kennedy international airport?	searchplace
0	Should I expect traffic from here to Kennedy international airport?	getweather
1	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	gettrafficinformation
1	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	searchplace
0	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	getweather
1	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	searchplace
0	Shoud I expect traffic between broadway and prince street?	requestride
1	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic on the US 50 portion I'm going to take to go to my client meeting?	getweather
1	Should I expect any traffic to go meet my friends tonight?	searchplace
0	Should I expect any traffic to go meet my friends tonight?	gettrafficinformation
1	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	searchplace
0	Is there traffic jam from here to Brooklyn bridge?	requestride
1	We are a party of 4 people and we want to book a table at Seven Hills for sunset	shareeta
0	We are a party of 4 people and we want to book a table at Seven Hills for sunset	getdirections
1	Book a table for Sophie and me at the Red Lobster tonight	shareeta
0	Book a table for Sophie and me at the Red Lobster tonight	sharecurrentlocation
1	Need a table for lunch to eat steak near penn station	shareeta
0	Need a table for lunch to eat steak near penn station	sharecurrentlocation
1	Figure out if I can get a reservation at Ma Peche after the concert	shareeta
0	Figure out if I can get a reservation at Ma Peche after the concert	gettrafficinformation
1	Get me a table at a restaurant nearby that is not too crowded for tomorrow evening	shareeta
0	Get me a table at a restaurant nearby that is not too crowded for tomorrow evening	getweather
1	Can I have a table at the Russian Tea Room for 4pm?	shareeta
0	Can I have a table at the Russian Tea Room for 4pm?	getweather
1	Make a reservation for 4 people for today's lunch at a Starbucks nearby	shareeta
0	Make a reservation for 4 people for today's lunch at a Starbucks nearby	getdirections
1	I'd like a table in a peaceful restaurant around Times Square	shareeta
0	I'd like a table in a peaceful restaurant around Times Square	searchplace
1	Book a table at The Standard Grill for four people for the day after tomorrow at 8:30pm	shareeta
0	Book a table at The Standard Grill for four people for the day after tomorrow at 8:30pm	compareplaces
1	Find me a table for four for dinner tonight	shareeta
0	Find me a table for four for dinner tonight	getdirections
1	Make a reservation for 4 people for today's lunch at Daniel	shareeta
0	Make a reservation for 4 people for today's lunch at Daniel	searchplace
1	Get me a table at a restaurant near Emily's place for tomorrow 9pm	shareeta
0	Get me a table at a restaurant near Emily's place for tomorrow 9pm	getdirections
1	Book a table at an American restaurant for Thanksgiving	shareeta
0	Book a table at an American restaurant for Thanksgiving	bookrestaurant
1	I need reservations at Quince at 9:30	shareeta
0	I need reservations at Quince at 9:30	gettrafficinformation
1	Book for 4 at Nobu for tomorrow evening	shareeta
0	Book for 4 at Nobu for tomorrow evening	compareplaces
1	Get me a table at Din Tai Fung for the 4th of December at 12:30	shareeta
0	Get me a table at Din Tai Fung for the 4th of December at 12:30	sharecurrentlocation
1	Book me and my sister a spot at the milk bar place near the hotel she stays at in midtown	shareeta
0	Book me and my sister a spot at the milk bar place near the hotel she stays at in midtown	bookrestaurant
1	I need a reservation for five people at Galli for friday night	shareeta
0	I need a reservation for five people at Galli for friday night	gettrafficinformation
1	Book a table for four people at Tapestry for 9pm tonight	shareeta
0	Book a table for four people at Tapestry for 9pm tonight	getdirections
1	Book a table for 3 people at the restaurant I went to last week	shareeta
0	Book a table for 3 people at the restaurant I went to last week	getdirections
1	Get me a table at a good deli near Mission Dolores Park for lunch	shareeta
0	Get me a table at a good deli near Mission Dolores Park for lunch	getplacedetails
1	Book a table at an italian restaurant nearby for dinner with 5 people	shareeta
0	Book a table at an italian restaurant nearby for dinner with 5 people	bookrestaurant
1	Book a table at a restaurant near Times Square for 2 people tomorrow night	shareeta
0	Book a table at a restaurant near Times Square for 2 people tomorrow night	bookrestaurant
1	Book a table at Galli for 6 people tonight	shareeta
0	Book a table at Galli for 6 people tonight	getdirections
1	Book a table for 8 at Tavern on the Green for 8 pm	shareeta
0	Book a table for 8 at Tavern on the Green for 8 pm	gettrafficinformation
1	Book a table at Saddle Peak Lodge for my diner with friends tonight	shareeta
0	Book a table at Saddle Peak Lodge for my diner with friends tonight	sharecurrentlocation
1	Show me the way to Rand's birthday party by car	getweather
0	Show me the way to Rand's birthday party by car	sharecurrentlocation
1	Bicycling directions to Millenium park	getweather
0	Bicycling directions to Millenium park	searchplace
1	Give me transit directions from Grand Central to Brooklyn bridge	getweather
0	Give me transit directions from Grand Central to Brooklyn bridge	getplacedetails
1	Show me the fastest itinerary to go to Williamsburg	getweather
0	Show me the fastest itinerary to go to Williamsburg	compareplaces
1	Show me directions to my yoga retreat avoiding the highway	getweather
0	Show me directions to my yoga retreat avoiding the highway	shareeta
1	Walking directions from home to my Halloween party stopping by a wine store	getweather
0	Walking directions from home to my Halloween party stopping by a wine store	getdirections
1	Show me the directions from the LA County Museum to Santa Monica	getweather
0	Show me the directions from the LA County Museum to Santa Monica	searchplace
1	Show me the fastest itinerary to my Airbnb on a Friday night	getweather
0	Show me the fastest itinerary to my Airbnb on a Friday night	shareeta
1	Show me directions to my next meeting avoiding traffic	getweather
0	Show me directions to my next meeting avoiding traffic	getdirections
1	Show me walking directions to MOMA	getweather
0	Show me walking directions to MOMA	searchplace
1	Directions to Joe's pub	getweather
0	Directions to Joe's pub	shareeta
1	Directions to La Guardia airport using Waze	getweather
0	Directions to La Guardia airport using Waze	getplacedetails
1	Directions to my beach house avoiding tolls	getweather
0	Directions to my beach house avoiding tolls	sharecurrentlocation
1	Fastest way to go to my next meeting	getweather
0	Fastest way to go to my next meeting	getplacedetails
1	Navigate to Palo Alto avoiding traffic	getweather
0	Navigate to Palo Alto avoiding traffic	bookrestaurant
1	Walking directions to my Christmas party with Citymapper	getweather
0	Walking directions to my Christmas party with Citymapper	getplacedetails
1	Directions to Tulsa with road 66	getweather
0	Directions to Tulsa with road 66	shareeta
1	Navigate me to Empire State Building using the shortest way	getweather
0	Navigate me to Empire State Building using the shortest way	searchplace
1	Get me directions to Las Vegas avoiding toll roads	getweather
0	Get me directions to Las Vegas avoiding toll roads	requestride
1	Show me directions to my hotel	getweather
0	Show me directions to my hotel	getdirections
1	Get me directions to John's place if I leave at 6pm	getweather
0	Get me directions to John's place if I leave at 6pm	sharecurrentlocation
1	How do I go back home?	getweather
0	How do I go back home?	compareplaces
1	Cycling directions to Chelsea Market	getweather
0	Cycling directions to Chelsea Market	compareplaces
1	Show me the way to go to 33 Greene Street	getweather
0	Show me the way to go to 33 Greene Street	bookrestaurant
1	Show me directions to Jersey City avoiding the highway	getweather
0	Show me directions to Jersey City avoiding the highway	compareplaces
1	How do I go to Montauk avoiding tolls?	getweather
0	How do I go to Montauk avoiding tolls?	shareeta
1	Share my ETA with Jo	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with Jo	bookrestaurant
1	Share my ETA with Jo	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with Jo	getplacedetails
1	Share my ETA with the Snips team	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with the Snips team	getplacedetails
1	Share my ETA with the guy who just called me	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with the guy who just called me	searchplace
1	Send my ETA to my girlfriend	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my ETA to my girlfriend	bookrestaurant
1	Share my estimated time of arrival with my mother	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my estimated time of arrival with my mother	getweather
1	Share my arrival time with Juan Carlos	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my arrival time with Juan Carlos	getdirections
1	Send a message to Michael with my ETA	gettrafficinformation
0	Send a message to Michael with my ETA	bookrestaurant
1	Send my ETA to the guy I'm meeting with	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my ETA to the guy I'm meeting with	getweather
1	Share my arrival time with Juan Carlos	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my arrival time with Juan Carlos	getdirections
1	Share my estimated time of arrival with my mother	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my estimated time of arrival with my mother	searchplace
1	Share my ETA with Jo	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with Jo	shareeta
1	Send my time of arrival to Nina	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my time of arrival to Nina	requestride
1	Share my ETA with my data scientist	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with my data scientist	compareplaces
1	Send a message to John to tell him when I get there	gettrafficinformation
0	Send a message to John to tell him when I get there	compareplaces
1	Share my ETA with my data scientist	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with my data scientist	shareeta
1	Share my estimated time of arrival with Lily	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my estimated time of arrival with Lily	shareeta
1	Share my estimated time of arrival with Lily	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my estimated time of arrival with Lily	bookrestaurant
1	Send my ETA to the guy I'm meeting with	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my ETA to the guy I'm meeting with	getdirections
1	Send my time of arrival to Nina	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my time of arrival to Nina	bookrestaurant
1	Send a message to John to tell him when I get there	gettrafficinformation
0	Send a message to John to tell him when I get there	bookrestaurant
1	Share with Franz my ETA	gettrafficinformation
0	Share with Franz my ETA	bookrestaurant
1	Share my ETA with the Snips team	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with the Snips team	requestride
1	Share my ETA with the Snips team	gettrafficinformation
0	Share my ETA with the Snips team	searchplace
1	Share with Franz my ETA	gettrafficinformation
0	Share with Franz my ETA	compareplaces
1	Send my ETA to my girlfriend	gettrafficinformation
0	Send my ETA to my girlfriend	getweather
